#### ChickentestApplication
#### Accenture Java Sharks Retooling Challenge Project

# Chicken Test #

I, as a Farmer, need to be able to manage my farm and cattle in a day by day basis.
The management of the farm needs to stick to the following.

### Objective

•	I need to be able to have a farm, eggs and chickens.
•	Also, I need to be able to buy and sell chickens and eggs
•	And be able to see the status report of the farm (money, eggs, chickens, and anything else you want to show)

### Functional requirements

•	A farm can have a limited number of eggs and chickens.
•	The farmer can buy new eggs and chickens if the farm has the enough money.
•	The farmer can sell eggs and chickens if the farm has enough cattle.
•	The eggs will become a Chicken after [] amount of days.
•	If the farm reaches full capacity, there must be a way to handle the excess (Discard the excess, sell at discount, etc)
•	The farmer needs to be able to see a report of the current situation of the farm, this includes money, number of eggs, chickens, and other significant information (you can assume format & presentation).

### Optional requirements

•	The eggs can be bought, or deposited from a Chicken
•	The chickens can be bought or grown from an egg.
•	The price of eggs and chickens can change from day to day (all the eggs bought in the same day have the same price, this also applies to the chickens)
•	The eggs can leave the farm if the farmer sells it.
•	The chickens can leave the farm if the farmer sells it, or if it dies
•	The chickens die after [] amount of days.
•	The chickens put [] amount of eggs every [] amount of days.


### Suggestions and Recommendations

•	You can assume all the numbers (price, number of days, etc).
•	You can include a button to represent the passing of time, either by day or a range of days, and trigger events such as eggs becoming chickens.
•	You can make your mocks services with https://www.mockable.io/ 
•	Do not forget to develop your unit tests.
•	Always keep the code as simple as possible.
•	Use configuration file for database connection parameters
•	Propose the application solution taking into account separation of responsibilities / layers
•	Define and use constants if opportunity exists
•	Take into account data entry validations where appropriate
•	When testing, take into account both the correct cases and those possible error cases

### Technical requirements

•	Use Maven for dependency management
•	Use Git as a source repository to share your code
•	Use SQL database as MySql, MariaDB, PostgreSQL or any other you know
•	Use, at least, one unique feature of the java version you select (e.g. Java 8 -> Streams, Java 11 Var type in Lambda, etc)

### Bonus Points

•	Dockerize your applications, databases and others.
•	You can use MapStruct for the implementation of java bean mappings
•	You can develop a frontend application in the language of your choice (Thymeleaf, Angular, React, etc)
•	Handling transactions with Spring
•	Use ORM such has Hibernate

#
### Checklist:

- Data Visualization (individually). ✅
- Egg sales/purchases. ✅
- Chicken sales/purchases. ✅
- Egg ageing.
- Chicken ageing.
- Egg to Chicken conversion.
- Chicken death.
- Egg capacity limit. ✅
- Chicken capacity limit. ✅
- Egg excess management. (discarded). ✅ 
- Chicken excess management. (discarded). ✅ 
- Autogenerated Eggs from Chickens.
- General Report. /in progress
- Price population (on transaction form) ✅
- login/logout on index.
- navbar menu ✅
####
- Used Optional container (java 8)
- Used Streams on chicken and egg services
- created Spring MVC app - up and running
####
- add streams/lambda expressions?
- create prettier frontend?

